docs/en/about/kona.md, before:

# Kona

## Intro

Kona is Konado's exclusive mascot girl. Centered on the image of a lively, cute, and energetic girl, she is not only an important symbol of the brand's visual identity but also serves as an interactive medium that fosters a friendly connection between users and Konado.

## Image

Kona's image is everywhere on the official website and social media platforms. With each iteration of Konado's version, Kona's image will evolve simultaneously—both aligning with the design style of the new version and becoming more refined and distinctive through detailed enhancements.

### Version 2.0
> Artist: [ioniccrystal](https://github.com/ioniccrystal)  
> Release Date: 2025-09-15  

<p align="center">
<img src="https://godothub.atomgit.net/web/icon/konado/kona/kona.png" alt="Kona 2.0 Main Illustration" width="300"/>
</p>

The Kona character design for Konado Version 2.0 pays exceptional attention to detail, featuring a more dynamic and lively overall silhouette that fully captures the vibrant energy of a young girl:
- **Hair**: The short pink-purple hair is light and fluffy, with natural, flowing strands. A star-shaped hair accessory pinned to one side—a small, exquisite design resembling a twinkling star in the night sky—adds a touch of playfulness and dreaminess.
- **Attire**: The inner layer is a top with a sailor collar, evoking a youthful school vibe. The bright orange tie at the neckline cleverly breaks the monotony of the basic design. Over this, a light gray cardigan is layered, its soft tone balancing the inner layer's brightness while adding a casual, cozy feel. The bottom is a blue pleated skirt that sways gently with movement, highlighting the girl's cute and lively charm.
- **Accessories**: The socks are a highlight of this design—featuring rich, gradient colors with a bold "KONADO" logo on one side (simple and clean, reinforcing brand identity). They are also adorned with vibrant triangular geometric patterns that complement the overall lively style, making the leg lines appear more dynamic. The white shoes are simple and versatile, ensuring the outfit's completeness without stealing the spotlight.

### Version 1.0
> Artist: [marukles](https://atomgit.com/marukles)  
> Release Date: 2023-07-22  

<p align="center">
<img src="https://godothub.atomgit.net/web/icon/konado/kona/1.0/kona.png" alt="Kona 1.0 Main Illustration" width="360"/>
</p>

As Konado's first-generation mascot, Kona's Version 1.0 design centers on "youthful vitality," brimming with a refreshing summer feel:
- **Hair and Facial Features**: The iconic purple twin tails are flowing and dynamic, accented with small pink decorations for a playful touch. Her eyes, like clear red crystals, are bright and expressive, full of vitality.
- **Attire**: She wears a green and white cropped top with star patterns, fresh and eye-catching. This is paired with a white pleated skirt, its light sway emphasizing the young girl's lively spirit. A green bow tied at the waist serves as a delicate detail, enhancing the overall cuteness.
- **Footwear**: The beige sandals are simple and casual, fitting the refreshing summer theme while giving the outfit a more everyday feel, closing the distance with users.

Commit message:

docs: Complete English documentation translation

docs/en/about/kona.md, after:

# Mascot Kona

## About Kona
Kona is the exclusive mascot of Konado, centered around a **lively, cute, and energetic** young girl image. She is not only an important symbol of the brand's visual identity but also a friendly interactive carrier between users and Konado.


## Kona's Image
Kona's presence runs through all scenes of Konado, from the startup screen and official website homepage to product documentation, injecting vitality into the brand through her image. With Konado's version iterations, Kona's image also evolves synchronously—both fitting the design style of the new version and becoming more refined and recognizable through detailed polishing.

Usually, during **major version updates** of Konado, Kona will debut a brand-new exclusive image. Each image has unique design ingenuity, both continuing her core temperament and adding more interest and memory points to the product.

Of course, during minor version updates, Kona also has some small changes, such as changing into different seasonal costumes or adding some small accessories, making her image more diverse and rich.


### Version 2.0
> Artist: [ioniccrystal](https://github.com/ioniccrystal)  
> Release date: 2025-09-15  

<p align="center">
<img src="https://godothub.atomgit.net/web/icon/konado/kona/kona.png" alt="Kona 2.0 main image" width="300"/>
</p>


The Kona image in Konado 2.0 version is particularly meticulous in detail depiction, with an overall design that is more lively and energetic, fully showcasing the freshness of a young girl:
- **Hairstyle**: Light and fluffy pink-purple short hair, with natural and flowing hair arcs, and a star-shaped hair accessory on one side—small and exquisite design like twinkling stars in the night sky, adding a touch of playfulness and dreaminess to the overall look.
- **Clothing**: Inner wear with a navy collar shirt, exuding youthful campus vibe; the bright orange bow tie at the collar cleverly breaks the monotony of the basic style. Outer layer with a light gray cardigan, soft color both balances the bright color of the inner wear and adds a casual and warm atmosphere. The lower part is a blue pleated skirt, with the hem swaying with movement, fully showcasing the girl's charming and lively temperament.
- **Accessories**: The sock design is the highlight of this image—rich in color with gradient effect, one side printed with the eye-catching "KONADO" letter logo (simple and elegant, strengthening brand association), while decorated with bright triangular geometric patterns, echoing the overall lively style and making the leg lines more dynamic. White shoes on the feet are simple and versatile, both ensuring the completeness of the look and not overpowering the main elements.


### Version 1.0
> Artist: [marukles](https://atomgit.com/marukles)  
> Release date: 2023-07-22

<p align="center">
<img src="https://godothub.atomgit.net/web/icon/konado/kona/1.0/kona.png" alt="Kona 1.0 main image" width="360"/>
</p>

As Konado's first-generation mascot, Kona's 1.0 image takes "youthful vitality" as the core, full of summer freshness:
- **Hairstyle and features**: Iconic purple twin tails flowing and lively, with pink small decorations interspersed in the hair, full of playfulness; eyes like translucent red crystals, bright and energetic, fully showcasing vitality.
- **Clothing**: Upper body is a green and white color-blocked short top, printed with star patterns, fresh and eye-catching; paired with a white pleated skirt, light hem, strengthening the girl's lively temperament. A green bow tie at the waist, as a detail decoration, makes the overall look more charming.
- **Footwear**: Beige sandals on the feet are simple and casual, both fitting the summer fresh theme and making the overall look more daily, bridging the distance with users.
